chore: update to webpack v5 (#27438)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an issue where having `cypress.config` in a nested directory would cause problems with locating the `component-index.html` file when using component testing. Fixes [#26400](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26400).

**Dependency Updates:**

> - Upgraded [`webpack`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack) from `v4` to `v5`. This means that we are now bundling your `e2e` tests with webpack 5. While we don't anticipate this causing anything noticeable or different, if you'd like to stay bundling your `e2e` tests with wepback 4 and use the same process as before, simply pin [@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor) to `v2.x.x` and hook into the [file:preprocessor](https://docs.cypress.io/api/plugins/preprocessors-api#Usage) plugin event. This will restore the previous bundling process. Additionally, a new version of the [@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor) has been published to support webpack `v5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded [`webpack`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack) from `v4` to `v5`. This means that we are now bundling your `e2e` tests with webpack 5. We don't anticipate this causing any noticeable changes. However, if you'd like to keep bundling your `e2e` tests with wepback 4 you can use the same process as before by pinning [@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor) to `v2.x.x` and hooking into the [file:preprocessor](https://docs.cypress.io/api/plugins/preprocessors-api#Usage) plugin event. This will restore the previous bundling process. Additionally, if you're using [@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor) already, a new version has been published to support webpack `v5`.
```

> - Upgraded [`webpack`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack) from `v4` to `v5`. This means that we are now bundling your `e2e` tests with webpack 5. We don't anticipate this causing any noticeable changes. However, if you'd like to keep bundling your `e2e` tests with wepback 4 you can use the same process as before by pinning [@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor) to `v2.x.x` and hooking into the [file:preprocessor](https://docs.cypress.io/api/plugins/preprocessors-api#Usage) plugin event. This will restore the previous bundling process. Additionally, if you're using [@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor) already, a new version has been published to support webpack `v5`.

Reviewer 2: Would they also need to install webpack@4 to keep things working the same?

Author: not in this case because `v2` of `webpack-batteries-included-preprocesor` ships with 4. its not backwards compatible unlike the regular `webpack-preprocessor`
